Added a quick start guide for generic K8s (#1007)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/kubernetes/quick-start.md

installation information.

Otherwise, the operator can be installed on a supported Kubernetes platform
directly by the following procedure outlined here.

## Overview of the operator

The operator acts on [Custom Resource Definitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/#customresourcedefinitions) (CRD) that describe Redis Enterprise clusters and databases. The operator itself is a deployment, backed by pods, that runs within your deployment namespace. These operator pods must run with sufficient privileges to create the Redis Enterprise cluster resources within that namespace.

When installed, the following are created:

 * a service account under which the operator will run,
 * a set of Roles that define the privileges necessary for the operator to perform its tasks,
 * a set of Role Bindings to the service account to authorize the service account to have the correct roles (see above),
 * the CRD for a Redis Enterprise Cluster,
 * the CRD for a Redis Enterprise Database,
 * the operator (a deployment).

>  The operator currently runs within single namespace and is scoped to operate only on cluster CRD's in that namespace. This allows a multi-tenant deployment of the operator supporting different versions in different namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The operator currently runs within a single namespace and is scoped to operate only on Redis Enterprise Cluster CRD's in that namespace. This allows the deployment of the multiple instances of the operator on the same Kubernetes cluster, supporting multiple Redis Enterprise Clusters in multiple namespaces.
```
Multi-tenancy is ambiguous as it may refer to K8s cluster or Redis Enterprise Cluster. We need to find a way to promote the pattern of multiple DBs on the cluster while separately discussing the benefits or multiple Enterprise clusters... regarding versions - to a degree - in that the CRD at the K8s cluster level may limit which version you can deploy - see if you can work that into here or maybe at this level we keep it simple and just mention that the operator is namespace scoped.

## Installing the operator

The definition and reference materials for the operator are on
[GitHub](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs) and the
implementation is published as a Docker container. The operator
definitions are packaged as a single generic YAML file called
[bundle.yaml](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/bundle.yaml).

You need to ensure you pull the correct version of the bundle. The version tags
can be found by checking the [releases on Github](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/releases)
or via the GitHub API.

The bundle for the latest release can be downloaded via `curl` using the following:

```

> VERSION=`curl --silent https://api.github.com/repos/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/releases/latest | jq -r .tag_nam`

Reviewer: you're requiring folks to have `jq` installed on their system. Can this be more generic?

Author: curl ... | grep tag_name | awk  -F'"' '{print $4}'

curl --silent -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/$VERSION/bundle.yaml
```

or you can replace `VERSION` in the above with a specific release tag you desire.

If you inspect this YAML file, you will find definitions for the various items
described in the previous section.

You can install the operator with a single apply command:

```

> kubectl apply -f bundle.yaml -n my-namespace

Reviewer: one way to simplify this, as we do in other guides, is to change the context to the namespace you're operating in so you won't need to specify the namespace explicitly every time. WDYT? why did you choose to use `-n`?

Author: It's the most generic from a cut-n-paste scenario ... if you presume a default namespace, people can't cut-n-paste a command without doing that first. consistency is better... I will add: kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=

Author: I have added a section on namespaces that clarifies this.

customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/redisenterprisedatabases.app.redislabs.com configured
deployment.apps/redis-enterprise-operator created
```

## Verifying the operator is running

You can verify the operator is running in your namespace checking the deployment:

```
kubectl get deployment -l name=redis-enterprise-operator -n my-namespace
```

You should see a result similar to:

```
NAME                        READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
redis-enterprise-operator   1/1     1            1           0m36s
```

## Testing the operator

A cluster is created by creating a custom resource with the kind "RedisEnterpriseCluster"
that contains the specification of the cluster option. See the
[Redis Enterprise Cluster API reference](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/redis_enterprise_cluster_api.md)
for more information on the various options available.

You can test the operator by creating a minimal cluster by following this procedure:

1. Create a file called `simple-cluster.yaml` that defines a Redis Enterprise
   cluster with three nodes:

>     ```

Reviewer: I think you should add a pre-requisites reference since this deployment requires at least 3 nodes with at least 4cpu/GB each whereas the Operator deployment is very modest.

Author: Added a note and example of configuring the node resources.

    apiVersion: "app.redislabs.com/v1"
    kind: "RedisEnterpriseCluster"
    metadata:
      name: "test-cluster"
    spec:
      nodes: 3
    EOF
    ```
2. Create the CRD in the namespace with the file `simple-cluster.yaml`:

    ```
    kubectl apply -f simple-cluster.yaml -n my-namespace
    ```

    You should see a result similar to:

    ```
    redisenterprisecluster.app.redislabs.com/test-cluster created
    ```

3. You can verify the creation of the with:

    ```
    kubectl get rec -n my-namespace
    ```

    You should see a result similar to:

    ```
    NAME           AGE
    test-cluster   1m
    ```

   At this point the operator will go through the process of creating various
   services and pod deployments. You can track the progress by examining the
   StatefulSet associated with the cluster:

   ```
   kubectl rollout status sts/test-cluster -n my-namespace
   ```

   or by simply looking at the status of all the resources in your namespace:

   ```
   kubectl get all -n my-namespace
   ```

4. Once the cluster is running, follow the information in [Managing Redis Enterprise Databases in Kubernetes]({{< relref "db-controller.md" >}})

>    to create databases.

Reviewer: why not add this here and make it a "to a working database" quick-start? what most people want is a working endpoint(?)

Author: Good point - added.
